[Music]
years after the Battle of sokovia Thor
has been unsuccessfully searching for
the Infinity stones and is now
imprisoned by the fire demon Surtur
searcher reveals that Thor's father Odin
is no longer on Asgard and that the
realm will soon be destroyed in the
prophecy - Ragnarok once searcher unites
his crown with the eternal flame that
burns in Odin's vault Thor defeats
Surtur and claims his crown believing he
has prevented Ragnarok Thor returns to
Asgard to find his brother Loki posing
as Odin Thor forces Loki to help him
find their father and with the
directions from Stephen strange on earth
they locate Odin in Norway
Odin explains that he is dying and that
his passing will allow his firstborn
child hella to escape from a prison she
was sealed in long ago hella had been
the leader of Asgard's armies and had
conquered the nine realms with Odin but
she had been imprisoned and written out
of history after odin feared that she'd
become too ambitious
Odin subsequently dies and hella
released from her imprisonment appears
she destroys Thor's hammer Mjolnir and
when Thor and Loki attempt to flee
through the Bifrost bridge she pursues
them and forces them out into space to
die hello arrives in Asgard destroying
its army and killing the warriors three
resurrects the ancient dead who once
fought with her including her giant wolf
Fenris and appoints the Asgardian
scourge as her executioner she plans to
use the Bifrost to expand Asgard's
empire but Heimdall covertly steals the
sword that controls the bridge and hides
away with the rest of Asgard citizens
Thor crash-lands on Sekar a garbage
planet surrounded by wormholes a slave
trader named scrapper one for two
subdues him with an obedience disk and
sells him to serve as a gladiator for
the planets ruler the Grand Master with
whom Loki has already become friendly
with Thor recognizes one for two as one
of the Valkyrie a legendary force of
female warriors who were killed
defending Asgard from hell along ago
Thor is forced to compete in the
grandmasters contest of Champions facing
his old friend Hulk summoning lightning
Thor gets the upper hand on Hulk
but the Grandmaster sabotages the fight
to ensure Hulk's victory still enslaved
Thor attempts to convince Hulk and 142
to help him save Asgard but neither is
willing he soon manages to escape the
palace
finds the Quinjet that brought halt
Disick our Hulk follows Thor to the
Quinjet where a recording of natasha
romanoff
makes him transform back into Bruce
Banner for the first time since sokovia
the Grandmaster orders 142 and Loki to
find Thor and Hulk but the pair come to
blows and Loki forces her to relive the
deaths of her fellow Valkyr at the hands
of hella deciding to help Thor
she takes Loki captive to prove her good
will unwilling to be left behind
Loki provides the group with the means
to steal one of the Grandmaster ships
they then liberate the other gladiators
who led by Korg and the meek stage a
revolution
Loki attempts to again betray his
brother to gain a reward from the
Grandmaster but Thor anticipates this
and leaves him behind where Korg and the
gladiators soon find him Thor banner and
142 escaped through a wormhole to Asgard
where helis forces are attacking
Heimdall and Asgard citizen for the
sword that controls the Bifrost banner
becomes Hulk again fighting Fenris Loki
and the gladiators arrived to help and
the citizens board their large ship a
repentant scourge sacrifices himself to
allow their escape
Thor facing hella losses his right eye
and then has a vision of Odin that helps
him realize only Ragnarok can stop her
while Ella is distracted Loki locates
Searchers crown and places it in the
eternal flame surger is reborn and
destroys Asgard seemingly killing hella
Thor and the others escape with Asgard's
remaining citizens aboard the
grandmasters vessel thor crowned king
decides to take his people to Earth in a
mid-credits scene they are intercepted
by a large spacecraft
in a post-credits scene the Grandmaster
encounters a group of his former
subjects who are still rebelling
[Music]
you